										Part A - Breadboard

1	A1.	Study of basic digital ICs and verification of Boolean theorems using digital logic gates.	

2	A4	Realization of an SOP and its corresponding POS expression using NAND gates alone and NOR gates alone	

3	B3	Study of D flip flop and JK flip flops using ICs 	

										Part B - Simulation software

4	A2	Familiarization of the working of circuit simulation software. 
	a.	Realize the basic logic gates and analyze their waveforms 
	b.	Realize a given Boolean function using basic gates and verify the waveform with the truth table.

5	A4	Realization of an SOP and its corresponding POS expression using NAND gates alone and NOR gates alone	

6	B1	Design and implement a combinational logic circuit for arbitrary functions 
	a.	Code converters 
	b.	Half adder
	c.	Full adder
	d.	Half subtractor
	e.	Full subtractor 	
	
										Part C - Verilog HDL

7	A3	Familiarization of Verilog HDL - Modelling of the basic gates using 
	a.	Gate level modelling
	b.	Behavioural modelling 
	c.	Structural modelling 
	d.	Dataflow modelling  	

8	A5	Model a given Boolean function (SOP and POS) in Verilog using 
	a.	Continuous assignment with logical operators 
	b.	Continuous assignment with conditional operators 
	c.	Using gate level primitives	

9	C1	Model a 4:1 MUX, 1:4 DEMUX, 4 to 2 encoder, and 2 to 4 decoder and a 7-Segment Display Decoder in Verilog using 
	a.	continuous assignment with logical operators 
	b.	continuous assignment with conditional operators	

10	C2	Design and synthesize the behavioural model for a D flip flop in Verilog HDL	

11	C3 	Design and synthesize the behavioural model for a synchronous counter in Verilog 	

12	C4	Design and synthesize the behavioural model for a synchronous counter in Verilog 	

										Part D - Simulation software

13	B2	Design and implement combinational circuits using MSI devices: 
	a.	4-bit adder and subtractor using MSI device IC 7483. 
	b.	Magnitude Comparator using MSI device IC 7485 
	c.  Implement a boolean function using MUX IC  	

14	B3	Study of D flip flop and JK flip flops using ICs 	

15	 B4	To design and implement the following shift registers using D flip flops 
	a.	Serial in serial out 
	b.	Serial in parallel out 
	c.	Parallel in serial out 
	d.  Parallel in parallel out	

16	B5	Design and implement an asynchronous counter 
	a.	3 bit up counter
	b.	3-bit down counter
	c.  3 bit up down counter with mode control, mod-N counter  	

17	B6	Design and implement a synchronous counter 
	a.	3 bit up counter
	b.	3-bit down counter
	c.  sequence generator	
